# Assorted Shell Scripts
I'm learning bash scripting so here's the repo for simple scripts I make to do stuff around my system.

## CTRL Panel
Creates a simple "control panel" by launching a tmux session, splitting panes, and running various programs. By default it runs btop, a custom weather and time script (included in the same folder, if you use it make sure to comment out the line that runs "countdown.sh" if you're not also using my countdown script), ncdu, and an empty fish terminal. What's run where can easily be changed by editing the script. Note that this is intended to take up a whole i3 workspace so it may display funkily if given less space than that. 

## Weather
Calls curl wttr.in to display the weather in the terminal, updating every hour by default. Call with -a to see an ASCII display of the report for the next few days, -g to see a graph, -m to see a map, or -l for a one-line display. After any of these arguments, write a location name or airport code to get weather for that area - otherwise it'll default to your location. Calling the script with no argument will display the graph by default, calling it with a place name as the first (and only) argument will display the graph for that location.

## WRDCNT
Super simple script to call wc with any number of files and return word, line, and character count clearly marked.

## Clear Pictures
Moves into a chosen directory and removes all files following a chosen pattern. I use it to clear my screenshots folder, hence the name.

## JRNL Reset
Clears my org-mode journal file and writes the appropriate metadata back into it to allow it to be picked up by my capture template.

## Sort Files
Runs through a series of operations to move various file types in my downloads folder into appropriate subfolders of my Documents folder. Never leaving a bunch of junk in my downloads again!

## Search 'n' Print
I initally wrote this to track down the .git directories on my computer, excluding ones generated by downloaded programs, because I have ADHD and a tendency to forget what projects I have going. I expanded it to accept any search term because it was trivial to do so. Finds the directories of whatever you're looking for and optionally prints the result to a txt file. Call the script with your search term as the argument, like so:
```
printsearch.sh *.pdf
```
## Countdown
Simple countdown util I made to count down the days till summer vacation. If run with an integer argument, will loop endlessly waiting that amount of minutes each time. Otherwise will print the time remaining an exit. So:
```
countdown.sh 60
```
will loop the script and print the time remaining every hour, while
```
countdown.sh
```
will print the time remaining once and return you to the prompt.
